The Joe Rogan experience.
People who are from there who come to America, who understand the dangers of it.
They it's, it's a very eerie warning. Yeah. You know,
I had Melissa Channon on my podcast. She.
Was describing let's follow her. She's great. She's.
Really great. Yeah. But her worries about China or, you know,
like a lot of people are like, yeah, yeah, yeah. But like, no, no, no. She,
she really actually understands what the dangers are and that's the dangers of
accepting authoritarianism authoritarianism in this country is like,
there's a lot of people that like it, because it's silence is their opponents,
right. Like,
this is what's going on right now with like parlors getting shut down and you
know, Amazon pulls it from their servers and then apple pulls it off of their,
uh, app store. And then Google pulls it off the Google play store.
And everybody's like, yeah, good. They're spreading hate like, Hm,
what percentage is spreading? Hey, like what's the numbers. And is this,
is this wise that we shut down all discourse that you agree with? Like, yeah.
It's,
it's not good if someone gets on there and they they're talking about violence
against the government or violence against individuals or,
or they're spreading racist ideas or whatever the they're doing.
That's that's that, that, that, that,
that disturbs people and angers people you're right. That's not good.
But I do not think that the solution is to shut them down
because the real problem is that it, it sets a weird precedent.
It sets a precedent where the people that are in power can decide that something
is wrong, speak something is bad and you can just eliminate it completely. Yeah.
And then when things like that happen, they keep going.
They don't just stop at that.
They don't stop at things that we can all agree are terrible. They, they,
they go to things that maybe you don't think are terrible. Right.
But other people do think are terrible.
And then they keep going further than that. And you see this with the left,
like there's a lot of people that claim to be leftist,
they claim to be left wing, but they're not quite left wing enough.
And so they get taken out by people who are more left wing and it gets weird
because it becomes this like,
sort of like political ideological wrestling match for control of what,
what is the left? What is the center? Where's the right.
If you disagree with anything on the left, you're the right.
And you might be extreme. Right? Right.
Yeah. No, the year Nazi. But I think what you're saying already happened,
because with this incident, you're going like, okay,
we blame Donald Trump's the president, his rhetoric was kind of, you know,
you can interpret it as like, he kind of gave them license to go do that.
So it shouldn't the Bock, the buck stops with Donald Trump. Like Donald Trump,
that's even a little bit of a debatable thing. You're going,
like he was speaking legally, you're going like, that's a first amendment thing.
He was speaking. He said, peacefully, go over there.
There it's in turn gives mixed.
Signals. Of course.
In my opinion.
He says, we have to be strong. You have to go March to the Capitol. Yeah.
He gives mixed signals. And he says like, we have to do this correctly.
We have to respect our great country. Like, whoa, what was that?
You said the other day,
you said that they don't respect anything other than strength. Right.
Like you said,
go March towards the CA you're firing people up and you're firing people up
with, they live with their mom. They're in the basement. They have no job.
Their identity is a T entirely associated with this.
Yeah, no, my opinion is that. But I'm saying legally it's debatable.
Like what he said, you could argue in court,
but then the buck should stop there. I mean, it's already happening.
Where they going? Oh, no, let's take, let's take this opportunity to shut down.
Part of let's take the separate and they're going after Andy knows book.
Now let's get that out of stores. Let's uh, they,
they want to keep going because like, it's a, this orgy of kind of like,
let's shut down this stuff that leads to, and you're like, wait a second.
How can you prove it leads to that? I mean, idiots are gonna do what idiots do.
Like, and to me that was a coup attempt.
That was a coup attempt by guys who believe like,
that's what you'd expect a coup attempt would look like by guys who believe like
that. Hillary Clinton has shapeshifter and she turns into a reptile.
That's what you would imagine. It would look like, like, what are we doing?
Okay. Let's, let's go in there with Trump flags and take selfies. And.
So it's so dumb and.
Let's go kidnap Nancy Pelosi with zip ties.
Stacks of zip ties, like more zip ties than there are members of the Senate.
Yeah. If anything, it was just like an.
Inept coup attempt. Yeah.
Well, it's losers. It's losers who decided that this is their moment in the sun.
And meanwhile, there they're all COVID deniers.
So they're not wearing masks because they're so stupid catch new episodes of the
Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan express.